# CS-340
README

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  The best way to write programs that are maintainable, readable and apaptable is to follow certain industry standard coding practices and make sure to comment you code. With the CRUD file I made sure to follow common naming standards and organized my CRUD file with the functions being organized to spell CRUD, starting with create and ending with delete. So that when someone reads the CRUD file they can follow the processes easier. 
  
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  Approaching a problem as a computer scientist involves a lot of planning and testing to ensure success. I like to think I approach many problems in my life this way where I plan a lot before implementing anything and testing as I go to make sure what I'm working on makes sense. In the future the only thing I would change is creating more template style code before getting into a project if I see parts are going to require simlar code in order to function. 
  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer Scientists create programs that solve problems, store information or relay information in easy to understand mediums. For example the final project for Grazioso Salvare would help emergency services find dogs that could be trained in emergency response much faster. Without a database that gives them the information on where the animals are and if they match criteria they would have to call or visit shelters throughout the area to find the animals. Or search through large text datasets taking possibly hours or days to find all canidate animals.
